Move server log into its own section / Add note about irodsAgent to rsyslog config (main) (#371)
irods/irods_docs: docs/system_overview/server_log.md

        // This log category DOES NOT affect the log output of the GenQuery1 API.
        // The GenQuery1 API log output is controlled via the "api" log category.
        "genquery1": "info",

        // Controls log output related to the GenQuery2 parser.
        // This log category DOES NOT affect the log output of the GenQuery2 API.
        // The GenQuery2 API log output is controlled via the "api" log category.
        "genquery2": "info",

        // Controls log output recorded via the rodsLog API.
        "legacy": "info",

        // Controls log output related to microservice operations.
        "microservice": "info",

        // Controls log output related to networking operations.
        "network": "info",

        // Controls log output related to resource operations.
        "resource": "info",

        // Controls log output related to rule engine plugin operations.
        "rule_engine": "info",

        // Controls log output related to the iRODS process overseeing all other
        // iRODS processes.
        "server": "info",

        // Controls log output related to SQL.
        "sql": "info"
    },

    // ... Other configuration properties ...
}
```

> Each category can be set to one of the following values (ordered from noisiest to quietest):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each category can be set to one of the following values (ordered from most verbose to least verbose):
```

Author: Done.
